azurerm_storage_account - filter allow_blob_public_access and min_tls_version from Azure US Government (#8092)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/storage_account.html.markdown

* `min_tls_version` - (Optional) The minimum supported TLS version for the storage account. Possible values are `TLS1_0`, `TLS1_1`, and `TLS1_2`. Defaults to `TLS1_0` for new storage accounts.

> -> **NOTE:** At this time `min_tls_version` is not supported in US Government.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **NOTE:** At this time `min_tls_version` is not supported in China Cloud.
```
